Rowing was the sport I did in high school, and it is the worst sport on earth. I miss doing it so much. 
I wanted to do something a little unconventional with a fitness app, since many apps in this space look and behave in the same ways. Rowing is a sport based in unique metrics - particularly average stroke (full oar movement) per minute (SPM), and 500 meter split (average time to complete 500 meters) - so I imagined this app as something that would use both GPS tracking and motion detection technologies to calculate these. 
I designed the UI to match the interface of a typical rowing machine for easy hypothetical onboarding. I had an idea early on that there would be a "dry" and a "wet" mode, where the dry could be used for machine rowing and have weekly statistics, while the wet mode would be solely for on-water use, with bigger numbers to be visible through a ziploc bag (the ORIGINAL electronic waterproofing).
One of the main animations I imagined (and really built most of the interface around) was a water-filling effect to initiate that dry/wet transition. I really struggled with this one; every attempt I tried in After Effects just looked like a Star Wars-style screen wipe, so I finally just gave up and sketched the animation out on 12fps in Procreate. The fine art degree attacks again. 
For my other two animations, I went with a simple "end session" pop-up to flesh out utilitarian animations, and a simple "personal record" delight. While the "end session" animation was straightforward enough that I could just animate it the whole way through in AE, I did end up sketching out a concept for the delight in Procreate first before moving to AE. 
...They could have turned out worse. They could have just turned out a lot better, too. ˙◠˙
This isn't really an app concept I want to develop more, but this is a skill I want to invest more time and practice in. The discipline of art I got my Bachelor's in has a lot of crossover with animation, and I understand a lot of critical rules of animation because of those commonalities. I know this is something I can be good at with practice, the practice is just the hard part. ｡°(°.◜ᯅ◝°)°｡
